# client_server_development

## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
To write a program that is maintainable, I add comments to the code. I try not to add too many, but I try not to add too few; it can be a difficult balance to maintain. For readability, I like to initialize/define my variables/classes/functions in a descriptive way. This makes the code easier to understand at first glance. Finally, for adaptability, I try to write the code/functions/classes complete tasks for specific cases. An advantage to this being, it will make the code easier to update and become more adaptable to future iterations. My CRUD functions Python module can be used anytime in the future for any MongoDB instances.

## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
When approachnig a problem, I think about what tasks need to be performed by the program, then incrementally add code/functions/classes. Building a program in stages makes it much easier to find bugs and maybe spot more functionality that could be added. This approach did not differ too much from my previous assignments. I did read more documentation for this project though. Reading directly from documentation and searching for what you need will help me in the future.

## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists use computers/programs to find ways to analyze data depending on specific use cases. This database dashboard would improve the quality of life for the Grazioso Salvare company. In turn, this would also make the company work more efficiently, with more confidence.
